Breaking changes with markdown files (#14001)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/2.2-3.0.md

---

> title: Breaking changes, version 2.2 to 3.0 (.NET Core)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Breaking changes, version 2.2 to 3.0 - .NET Core
```

---

> title: Breaking changes, Version 2.2 to 3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Breaking changes, version 2.2 to 3.0
```

Reviewer: Do you also want to add a suffix title to this folder to display the .NET Core brand?

description: Lists the breaking changes from version 2.2 to version 3.0 of .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, and EF Core.

> ms.date: "08/13/2019"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: "09/05/2019"
```

author: "rpetrusha"
ms.author: "ronpet"
---

> # Breaking changes for migration from Version 2.2 to 3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Breaking changes for migration from version 2.2 to 3.0
```

[!INCLUDE[versionselector](~/includes/core-changes/versionselector.md)]

<!-- [!INCLUDE[introduction](../../../../includes/migration-guide/retargeting/introduction.md)] -->

> If you are migrating from version 2.2 to version 3.0 of .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, or EF Core, review the following topics for breaking changes that may affect your app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're migrating from version 2.2 to version 3.0 of .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, or EF Core, review the following topics for breaking changes that may affect your app:
```
